Hello English learners. Welcome back to EnglishPod. My name is Marco and I'm Erica and today
We're bringing you the sequel of I'm sorry. I love you part two part two. That's right
I guess a lot of our listeners enjoyed the first part and since it was such a romantic
That I love it. Yeah, we're bringing part two so it's even more romantic and I'm sure everyone is gonna find some great and useful
Language in it. That's right. We've got language that we used to talk about dates. A date. Yeah, so useful
Language for when you're going on a date. That's right. Well before we look at this date language
Let's listen to the dialogue for the first time
I'm so relieved that your ankle wasn't broken. I feel just awful about this whole thing
I want to make it up to you. Let me take you out to dinner tonight my treat
Oh, that sounds great. I'd love to
Here's my address pick me up a date perfect
Thank you for such a lovely evening. The food was amazing and I had a great time me too
You look so beautiful tonight. I wish this night would never end
There's something that I have to tell you. But what is it? I woke up today thinking that this would be just like any other day
And I was wrong
To twist a fate brought us together. I crashed into your life and you into mine and this may sound crazy
But I'm falling in love with you Veronica
Wow such a romantic dialogue. It really sounds like they're falling in love
Yeah, it's a really romantic thing that's going on right now, but there was some really useful words here
So why don't we take a look at language takeaway?
Language takeaway
Today we have three words for language takeaway and the first one is
Relieved relieved
Relieved so we have some great examples on how we use relieved and I'm really sure you can understand the meaning from the sentences
Example one
They were relieved to hear that the company would not be making any layoffs
Example two
I'm so relieved to hear your voice. I was worried something happened to you
I
Guess relieved is like a happy or relaxed feeling that you get if you avoid something bad, right?
Right. I'm so relieved that didn't happen. Yeah, now for our second word pick me up pick me up
Pick me up
So when you ask someone to pick you up
You're saying basically come and get me. Okay, so let's let's give a couple of examples
My husband was supposed to pick me up from work yesterday, but he forgot
Does that really happen? Yes, all right, we'll have a talk with him or we could also say oh
I need to hurry up the taxi will pick me up at seven. Yes, so come and get me
And our final word in today's language takeaway is
ordinary
Ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary so ordinary is a normal word. Yes, meaning it's normal. Uh-huh
Nothing uncommon about it. Yeah, so you can have like an ordinary person an ordinary day ordinary day
Ordinary life. Uh-huh nothing exciting about it
What else is ordinary ordinary podcast an ordinary podcast which English pot is not okay? Yeah, so ordinary
Okay great words and I guess now we can listen to our dialogue a second time this time it'll be a little bit slower
And this will help you to understand the language more clearly
I'm so relieved that your ankle wasn't broken. I feel just awful about this whole thing
I want to make it up to you
Let me take you out to dinner tonight my treat that sounds great. I'd love to here is my address
Pick me up at eight
Perfect
Thank you for such a lovely evening the food was amazing and I had a great time
Me too. You look so beautiful tonight. I wish this night would never end
There's something I have to tell you
What is it? I woke up today thinking this would be just like any other ordinary day
But I was wrong a twist of fate brought us together
I crashed into your life and you into mine and this may sound crazy, but I'm falling in love with you Veronica
Okay, so we looked at some great vocabulary and now we can look at some great phrases. So let's start with fluency builder
Fluency builder
on fluency builder today. We have three great phrases. So why don't we just start with the first one?
Yeah, the first one we heard at the beginning of the dialogue make it up to you make it up to you make it up to you
Okay, so we have some great examples on how we use make it up. So let's listen
Example one
I'm sorry I forgot your birthday. How can I make it up to you?
Example two
I feel terrible for calling your mother fat. I want to make it up to her. So I got her these flowers
Example three
John forgot my anniversary again. He's going to have to make it up to me
We can see from the examples that when you use the phrase make it up to you
You're kind of saying you want to balance something bad you did with some good action, right?
So if you call your mother-in-law fat you better buy her at least some flowers or a card or something to make it up
Yeah, yeah, so the bad action was calling her fat and the balancing good action was the flowers
Yeah, I don't think flowers will be enough though. Hmm looks like a doomed marriage
Okay, our second phrase my treat my treat my treat so we use this phrase when we want to say I'll invite you
I'll pay for you. I'll pay. Uh-huh. Right, so I can say hey, let's go get some beers. It's my treat. Oh, thanks Marko
So I'm paying, right? Yeah, my treat and our last phrase for fluency builder a twist of fate a twist of
Fate twist of fate a twist of fate. So Erica, what is a twist of fate? A twist of fate is an
unplanned event that has a big impact on your future or your life. Okay, Marko, can you give us an example of a twist of fate?
All right, for example, okay, you're supposed to catch a flight to another country, all right, but you're late
So you miss your flight, okay, and that flight crashes. Wow, right, so that's a twist of fate
So yeah, it's like it's like fate. It's like destiny. Yeah, um, you were
You weren't supposed to be on that flight. Okay, so a twist of fate. It's just a fate. Great on a happier note
Let's listen to the dialogue a third time
I'm so relieved that your ankle wasn't broken. I feel just awful about this whole thing. I want to make it up to you
Let me take you out to dinner tonight my treat. Oh, that sounds great. I'd love to
Here's my address pick me up a date. Perfect
Thank you for such a lovely evening. The food was amazing and I had a great time
Me too. You look so beautiful tonight. I wish this night would never end
There's something that I have to tell you. But what is it? I woke up today thinking that this would be just like any other day
When I was wrong, the twist of fate brought us together. I crashed into your life and you into mine and
This may sound crazy, but I'm falling in love with you Veronica
Okay, so we're back Erica. I know you have a
Story of a twist of fate in your life. Yes, recently actually this happened
I went to this party and at the party there was a contest like sort of a lottery
You could buy some tickets and win a prize and the prize was a week-long vacation. Okay, so I went with some friends of mine
And they were tired. So they left early and they gave me their tickets and I guess what happened
What happened? We won we won the week-long vacation. Wow. Yeah, it was amazing
So that was a really lucky twist of fate. Yeah, that's a good story. Yeah, I'm sure it wasn't that good of a twist of fate for your friends
Yeah, but they were very generous and let me have the prize anyway. All right
Well, we want to hear your stories of maybe some type of twist of fate that you've had
Yes, maybe love stories. Maybe tragic stories any story
So be sure to leave your questions in comments and your stories at our website EnglishPod.com
And where you can also find us to answer any questions or doubts. Yes, that's right
So I guess until then it's goodbye